% Team Project Proposal Assignment
% Miguel Aguilar; Jose Chavez; Andrew Gilbert; Chris Opperwall

#Team name:

Duel of the Data Structures

#Team information:

-------------------------------------------------------------
Team member's name  Discipline  STAT 312 or STAT 542 student?
------------------  ----------  -----------------------------
**Project Contact:**
Andrew Gilbert      Comp. Sci.  Yes

Miguel Aguilar      Comp. Sci.  Yes

Jose Chavez         Comp. Sci.  Yes

Chris Opperwall     Comp. Sci.  Yes

-------------------------------------------------------------

#Objectives:

To determine how the performance of various data structures is affected by
various factors.

#Response variable:

The time taken to complete a set of operations on a data structure.

#Experimental factors:

---------------------------------------------------------------
Factor            Levels
---------------   ---------------------------------------------
Number of items   $n$, $n^2$, $n^3$ or some other set of
inserted          numbers

Operation         Insert, retrieve, delete

Data structure    Binary search tree, trie, hash table
type

---------------------------------------------------------------

#Pilot study:

For our pilot study, we would only look at the effect of operation and number
of items on one data structure. We would also limit the operations to insert
and delete, and the number of items to two values.

#Experimental design plan:

It should be easy to randomize the order of testing for the "number of items"
factor and the "data structure type" factor.  The "operation" factor may be a
harder proposition, as some of the operations depend on the prior completion of
other operations (i.e., one cannot retrieve or delete an item that has not been
inserted).


#Key activities:

---------------------------------------------------------------
Activity                                     Completion Date
-------------------------------------------- ------------------
Design test framework                        25 Oct 2013

Build test framework                         1 Nov 2013

**Pilot study**                              1 Nov 2013

Analyse pilot study                          6 Nov 2013

Write team project update                    8 Nov 2013

Find implementations of all data structures  8 Nov 2013

Run tests                                    15 Nov 2013

Analyse full study                           22 Nov 2013

Create presentation                          6 Dec 2013

---------------------------------------------------------------
