% Team Project Proposal Assignment
% Miguel Aguilar; Jose Chavez; Andrew Gilbert; Chris Opperwall

#Team name:

Duel of the Data Structures

#Team information:

-------------------------------------------------------------
Team member's name  Discipline  STAT 312 or STAT 542 student?
------------------  ----------  -----------------------------
**Project Contact:**
Andrew Gilbert      Comp. Sci.  312

Miguel Aguilar      Comp. Sci.  312

Jose Chavez         Comp. Sci.  312

Chris Opperwall     Comp. Sci.  312

-------------------------------------------------------------

#Objectives:

To determine how the performance of various data structures is affected by
various factors.

#Response variable:

The time taken to complete a set of operations on a data structure.

#Experimental factors:

---------------------------------------------------------------
Factor            Levels
---------------   ---------------------------------------------
Number of items   $n$, $n^2$, $n^3$ or some other set of
inserted          numbers, to be determined empirically
                  based on time taken for the various
		  operations.

Operation         Insert, retrieve, delete

Data structure    Binary search tree, trie, hash table
type

---------------------------------------------------------------

#Pilot study:

For our pilot study, we would only look at the effect of operation and number
of items on one data structure. We would also limit the operations to insert
and delete, and the number of items to two values.

#Experimental design plan:

We plan to conduct a full-factorial experiment. It should be easy to randomize
the order of testing for the "number of items" factor and the "data structure
type" factor. The "operation" factor will be randomized in the usual way,
which is possible because we will only be timing the actual cost of the
operation of interest, not the cost of setting up the data structure as needed.
Replicates will be run with different data sets each time, to attempt to gain a
better understanding of how the structure behaves with a broad range of data
values.

#Key activities:

---------------------------------------------------------------
Activity                                     Completion Date
-------------------------------------------- ------------------
Design test framework                        25 Oct 2013

Build test framework                         1 Nov 2013

**Pilot study**                              1 Nov 2013

Analyse pilot study                          6 Nov 2013

Write team project update                    8 Nov 2013

Find implementations of all data structures  8 Nov 2013

Run tests                                    15 Nov 2013

Analyse full study                           22 Nov 2013

Create presentation                          6 Dec 2013

---------------------------------------------------------------
